updated PWA glossary definition (#27307)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/progressive_web_apps/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

> Progressive web apps is a term used to describe the modern state of web app development. This involves taking standard websites/apps that enjoy all the best parts of the Web — such as discoverability via search engines, being linkable via {{Glossary("URL")}}s, and working across multiple form factors — and progressively enhancing them with modern APIs (such as [Service Workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API) and [Push](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Push_API)), enabling features that confer benefits more commonly attributed to native apps.

Reviewer: This is obviously better. My only concern is the pre-existing first sentence:

>Progressive web apps is a term used to describe the modern state of web app development. 

I hate the use of modern, as it ages badly :-). Also it is just one possible aspect of web app development. I think we should steal the first sentence from the new PWA docs.

I'm not attached to the words, but you get the point:

```suggestion
Progressive web applications (PWA) are applications that are built using web platform technologies, but that provide a user experience like that of a platform-specific app.

These kinds of apps enjoy enjoy all the best parts of the Web — such as discoverability via search engines, being linkable via {{Glossary("URL")}}s, and working across multiple form factors, but are progressively enhanced with modern APIs (such as [Service Workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API) and [Push](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Push_API)).
```

> These features include being installable, working offline, and being easy to sync with and re-engaging the user from the server.

Reviewer: Revert?

{{GlossarySidebar}}

Progressive web applications (PWA) are applications that are built using web platform technologies, but that provide a user experience like that of a platform-specific app.

These kinds of apps enjoy enjoy all the best parts of the Web — such as discoverability via search engines, being linkable via {{Glossary("URL")}}s, and working across multiple form factors, but are progressively enhanced with modern APIs (such as [Service Workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API) and [Push](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Push_API)).

> These features include being installable, working offline, and being easy to sync with and re-engaging the user from the server.

Author: ```suggestion
These features include being installable, working offline, and being easy to sync with and re-engage the user from the server.
```
